down in the lowlands and the swamps
beside the rivers lives the twelve wired
bird of paradise he comes to his display
post in the early dawn this is the bird
I used to think had been drawn so
inaccurately
but the older illustration was right the
wires the quills are indeed bent back in
the tangle the female doesn't have them
but do bent back quills appeal to a
female they're hardly beautiful
courtship seems to be some kind of game
a variation of I'm the king of the
castle perhaps only with the very
special prize
he deliberately brushed her face with
Israel Aquila
he's doing it again it seems that she
prefers to be seduced not by visual
films but by tactile lines and after the
quills lick the beak poke
it may be an odd technique but it works
you